1. Containerize the service
1a. Create a requirements.txt to set up the requirements currently in the README
1b. Create a Dockerfile to set up and run the application
1c. Create a Kubernetes configuration to run the Dockerized service in a single pod
1d. Add information to the project README how to set up Kubernetes and Docker
1e. Follow the instructions in the README and the configuration files to set up the Kubernetes cluster and run the service. Add any missing instructions/configurations that were missed in the previous instructions
2. Add a simple persistence layer
2a. Install a MongoDB container
2b. Run the MongoDB container in the Kubernetes cluster
2c. Add instructions to the README to specify how to set this up again for local development
2e. Create a data schema and get it approved.  Make sure that any commands to create the tables are saved as a script
2f. Create a basic persistence layer in the code. For now don't attach it to anything
3. Create a simple authentication flow
3a. Create user object in the database and persistence layer to store the username, password (hashed). Make sure that any scripts to create MongoDB objects are saved into the project
3a. Create a login page that authenticates against the user table
3b. Create a "Create user" page that stores new users in the user table
3c. Protect any existing endpoints
3d. Ensure that any authenticated endpoints have access to the user
4. Create the ability to add multiple leagues
4a. Update the db schema and persistence layer to have a list of leagues and teams for each user
4b. Update the db schema and persistence layer to create a league object that stores the auth information that's currently required in .env
4c. Add a flow to with frontend and backend to create a new league, which takes you to a page to add the information that's currently in .env and add it to the league object
4d. Update any logic depending on the .env file to instead pull league information from the league information
5. Add advanced functionality. I'd like for this tool to be useful in providing insights for drafting, managing my team via trades and acquisitions, and start/sit decisions
5a. Research data modeling and data analytics to come up with up with a recommendation how to analyze and predict player performance over a season and for a given game
5b. Research quality data sources to get historical data needed to support training and analysis
5c. Propose a plan to implement advanced analytics